Preamble for verification team from Twitch:

URL of the channel:
https://www.twitch.tv/danielduel

URL of repository:
> https://github.com/Duelsik/beatsaber-request-ui
I am tagging versions, so if you want to review version x.y.z go to
> https://github.com/Duelsik/beatsaber-request-ui/tree/x.y.z
like, when you are reviewing version 0.0.4 you can use
> https://github.com/Duelsik/beatsaber-request-ui/tree/0.0.4

After fetching code from the repo you can just `npm install && npm run build` in order to get
built extension :)

Also! You can get latest formatted version of this file on
> https://github.com/Duelsik/beatsaber-request-ui/blob/master/docs/verification.md

Table of contents:

- 0 - Changelog
- 1 - Motivation
- 2 - Main functions
  - 2a - Expand/Unexpand
  - 2b - Searching
- 3 - Code verification tips

0. Changelog

0.0.5:
* 24 May 2021
  * (feature) Add a language selector
  * (docs) Clean this (`verification.md`) file
* 31 May 2021
  * (docs) gitignore tools and add note about tagged versions
  * (feature) Add an option to use extension as a panel
  * (fix) Redesign clear button cross
* 2 June 2021
  * (docs) Add scripts and form cache to reduce work with sending code
* 3 June 2021
  * (feature) Don't render anything if stream category isn't BeatSaber (fullvideo-only)
* 4 June 2021
  * (feature) Make inactive bubble position configurable by the streamer
  * (dev) Configure proxies
  * (docs) Reformat verification doc to be nicely formatted (at least changelog section)
  * (fix) Fix api.twitch.tv calls
  * (fix) Fix bottom positioning to be left
  * (feature) Fetch ranked maps (local json) and mark ranked maps
  * (fix) Tweaks to the UI

0.0.4: (already verified)
* 14 May 2021
  * (fix) Hide autogenerated maps from search results
* 22 May 2021
  * Initialize internationalization
  * (fix) Change button style when hovering over search and copy button
  * Minor refactor of button feel
  * (tech) Stabilize return types
  * Add autofocus on searchbar input
  * Add clear button to searchbar input
* 23 May 2021
  * Update page meta

0.0.3: (already verified)
* 26 March 2021:
  * Switch app to typescript
  * Use prettier
  * Use eslint
  * Don't offer automatically generated maps in the results (for now, will add optional checkbox in future)
  * Typed common response data from beatsaver
  * Don't render big panel at start, just a bubble with animation and a little tooltip
* 08 May 2021:
  * Finish codesplit to config, mobile and fullvideo extension (config and mobile are only for test)
  * Reformat project
  * Fix prettier config
  * Update docs about functions

0.0.2: (already verified)
* 22 March 2021:
  * Replace "command" (cta) tooltip with the copy button
  * Fix partial-pixel component position glitches
  * Change extension name to "Beatsaber Request UI" (the extension page, not code)
  * Add sections in the header
  * Add Search section leading to the search
  * Add Info section leading to the information page (internal - with version and link to the repository)
  * Make search section to be open by default
  * Add information page with links to the extension page, this repo issue tracker, link leading to the repo and the actual version of this extension

0.0.1: (already verified)
* 18 March 2021
  * Add expand/unexpand and searching functionality

1. Motivation

I've created this piece of software to make it easier to search for beatsaber maps
without opening another browser tabs or tutorials on how and where to get key for
map request.

So in short - it should make user life easier and serve as an easy-to-use tool.

2. Main functions

2a. Expand/Unexpand

(Fullvideo-only feature)
(App starts as non-expanded, because viewers this is something on the streamer side)
Users can hide and show the extension panel.

Hiding:
Click the cross icon in the top right segment of the extension.
The extension pane should hide.

Showing:
Click on the small bubble in top left part of the video.
The extension pane should appear.
(this also is resetting the state of deeper elements like Search state)

2b. Searching

Search is using https://beatsaver.com/ as a dataset and backend.

Users can search for maps using input and the "Search" button.
The extension is showing the result of the search as a list with different data fields.
Fields such as key <del>and "!bsr {key}" are</del> is magnified when hovering over
them to make copy-pasting easier.
Last field is a button which copies command to the clipboard to be pasted into the chat.
While searching - the extension should communicate that to the user.
In case of no results - the extension should communicate that to the user.

3. Code verification tips

Hi another developer.

Generally, this is an ejected react app.
I've ejected that because I had to inject twitch scripts and do changes to allow
testing it locally (and I think there were more problems, but I don't remember).
(And building config/mobile/fullvideo... as separate apps from one codebase)

I think you should start by a quick look on `/public/index-config.html`, `/public/index-fullvideo.html`, `/public/index-fullvideo/panel.html` and 
`/public/index-mobile.html` to see that twitch script is interpreted before everything else.

And then...

See `/src` folder:
`/src/App` is where things basically start.
`/src/common/LayoutRow` is a common component for rendering rows.
`/src/Header/Header` is header rendered at the top of the app.
`/src/SearchPage/SearchPage` is searching "view".

Note:
I use `/src/SearchPage/mock` while developing to not hit API rate limits during
HMR reloads and this is not a part of the final build.
